Updating the README.md (#434)
project-chip/matter.js: README.md

- For Wi-Fi/Thread Commissioning functionality you can use the [Node.js DeviceNode example script](packages/matter-node.js-examples/src/examples/cluster/DummyWifiNetworkCommissioningClusterServer.ts) which contains a static "testing only" (but API complete for Wifi) reference.

If you implement a specific platform we would be happy about aa PR with the code, so that also other community members can benefit from it.

## Node.js usage

If you use a platform where Node.js 16.x+ is available then you can easily and directly use the following project that base on matter.js

matter.js is used at the core of those two projects currently:

- [matternode](https://github.com/project-chip/matternode): a light-weight node.js implementation of a Matter Node
- [matter-node.js](packages/matter-node.js/README.md): a Matter client / server running on node.js compatible with HA (Android / iOs support in progress)
- [matter-node-shell.js](packages/matter-node-shell.js/README.md): a Matter Shell script to allow to interact with Matter devices as controllers via a CLI interface

## Device types tested on various Ecosystems

> This list is a compilation of published information and own community tests. Many updates in the ecosystems happen without big announcements, so the information here can be a bit outdated and more device types are supported. If you find errors or added device types please open a PR or issue to report them. *Please note: This list is already, and can be out of date, re: supported device types and ecoystems.*

Reviewer: @woody-apple This last sentence makes no sense

> This list is a compilation of published information and own community tests. Many updates in the ecosystems happen without big announcements, so the information here can be a bit outdated and more device types are supported. If you find errors or added device types please open a PR or issue to report them. *Please note: This list is already, and can be out of date, re: supported device types and ecoystems.*

Author: ```suggestion
This list is a compilation of published information and own community tests. Many updates in the ecosystems happen without big announcements, so the information here can be a bit outdated and more device types are supported. If you find errors or added device types please open a PR or issue to report them. *Please note: The content of this table is collected from various public sources, own experiments and community feedback and might be outdated or not accurate.*
```
